Welcome to Photo Manipulation Techniques! I'm your instructor,
and today we'll master creative photo manipulation in Photoshop.
This course covers compositing, surreal effects,
and advanced blending for artistic photo creations.
We'll start with selection tools and masking techniques,
then explore advanced compositing methods.
Learn to blend multiple images seamlessly
creating impossible but believable scenes.
Master lighting matching and perspective correction.
We'll create fantasy worlds and surreal artworks,
with professional color grading techniques.
Photo manipulation is limited only by imagination.
By the end, you'll create mind-bending compositions.
Let's bend reality through digital artistry!